CUTOMER OBBSESSION

Q: Situation where you solved customer's pain point ?
   Go beyond for a customer to help them ?
A: Situation : CRM team getting lot of calls for thier wrong CIBIL credit scores.
   Task: Fix the reporting to different govt bodies and challange was that we need to fix ealrier month reports also.
         Was very difficult to get along the different counter parts: CIBIL bodies, TUDF bodies, Product managers
         and align them for the same goal.
    Action: Fix the issues in reporting via chinese team, understand their code and calculation in the backend.
            Fix report generation and scheduling of reports.
    Result: Decreased the callcenter calls by 40% for reporting CIBIL scores.
Q: Dealt with difficult cuustomer ?
   Delat with customer for win-win situation?
A: When customer is date driven rather than quality driven.
    - In my role as a Product Owner, I was developing a platform for a logistics company.
    - As a PO and that too of a digital agency, my work was mostly before-end-to-after-end, 
    - it would start from pitching, strategy, product management, launch, funding deck prep.
    - In mid of the product management cycle, the client starts adding pressure to deliver way before the deadline, 
    - as they had found the PE firm that conceptually was ready to start funding discussion, since this was 
    - not scoped before the start, the early delivery was never planned.Considering the need to go to market at pace, 
    - I negotiated with the client to refine the MVP as per the interest of the PE firm, with a product roadmap to include the rest of the deliverables.
    - Also, gauging the extreme interest of the PE firm in the rest of the product roadmap. 
    - Further negotiated to have our company's stake in the product if we deliver it by the deadline.
    - At the company end negotiated with the resourcing manager to add resources to ensure we can meet the delivery.
    - We met the delivery, with all deliverables at the said date, the client got their funding, my company secured a stake and i got the bonus cut from it.
    - I would rather say Win-Win-Win-Win

OWNERSHIP 

Q:  Tell me about a time where you were dissatisfied with the status quo?
    Tell me about a time you made a bold and difficult decision.
    Describe a tough situation in which you had to step into a leadership role.
    Tell me about a tough decision you made during a project.   
A:  
    Situation: Situation arises when I joined Dexhigh and where i joined as leading teams not only in india 
    but our korean parts also. We had a product bitnaru.com which was centralized crytpo exchange. In the intial
    days I noticed that the team takes lot of time in deployment of the new changes and the process for doing deployment
    is all manual. Usual time to time to deliver a change via complete cycle was taking almost 12 days.

    Tasks: make list of Approvals and process (Business process) + Average cycle
           Smart run books the team made to follow the deployments.
           How we cna automate those runbooks as sutomated scripts.
    
    Actions: Spoke to Manager for getting this to be automated and savings time.
             Request for team of size 3 and Get approvals for 2 months.
    Results: Release time decreses from 12 days to one day.

Invent & Simplify

Q:  "Tell me about a time where you came up with a simple solution to a complex problem."
    "Tell me about a time when you solved a complex problem and how you went about it?"
    "How do you handle roadblocks or obstacles?"

A:  
    Situation: Sitution was arisen when i used to work with in linux device driver teams in saksen communications.
               One issue was locked in by the testing team and the frequency of the 2/75. Situation was difficult
               because of very less frequency of the bug and more time taken to re-produce the bug.
    tasks:     I took over this bug from a junior resource and it already boils up in customer's eye. My definitive
               task was looking for to narrow down the approch for reproducing that bug. instead of reproducing the bug 
               using remote i wrote a sample application which takes the input file and scrap intial frames and queue
               them one after the other.
    Actions:   Using the sample app just under 100LOCs I was able to reproduce the bug with 100 frquency and figured it
               that the issue was race condition and between middle layer and device driver layer.
    Result:    I fixed the bug and removes the race condition.

Bias for Action: Fail fast + Take calculated risks

Q:  -Tell me about a time you took a risk. What kind of risk was it?
    - Give me an example of a calculated risk that you have taken where speed was critical.
      What was the situation and how did you handle it? What steps did you take to mitigate the risk? What was the outcome?
    - Tell me about a time you had to make a decision with incomplete information. 
      How did you make it and what was the outcome?
    - Describe a situation where you made an important business decision without consulting your manager. 
      What was the situation and how did it turn out?

A: 
    Situation: During my current project where we had to migrate the existing reporting tool cognos which is very heavy
               and high TCO cost. Hitachi also has an opensource reporting tool called pentaho.
    Task:      Cosely analysed with client the requiremts and found we dont have capability to genertae reports in pdf
               format.
    Actions:   Quickly engaged the team and did internal approval to make a patchset to support the feature. In short period
               of time we gave support for that fucntionality and proposed the POC to customer with half of the cost.
    Result:    Deliver POC with all cases covered.

Are Right, A Lot
    - Mistakes/Errors/Regrets etc
    - Disagreemtn with Team/Colleague etc

Q: Tell me about a time you made a mistake
